My Questions for the Students:
1. Does any of you have experience coding firmware or software, or 
work on projects involving MCUs and sensors?
2. Do you guys know how to solder or are at least willing to learn?
3. Are we working with jumpers or do you want more permanent hardware setup? 
(Though since it just needs to be a prototype, jumpers are fine so long as we secure them properly)
4. Do you have access to to a sensorized manikin?
5. Have you read this paper? https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC5143701/#sec2 


Other notes:
I don't think they've finalized the power setup, but it should be relatively simple,
only needing a parallel 18650 setup for more capacity, a hardware switch, and a volt
regulator, likely 5V to enter the VIN pin of the ESP32. Since it's using a dual-MPU
setup, I also need to know how to change the hardware I2C address of the MPUs otherwise
they'll need a multiplexer.

I'm a little concerned with their desire to use BLE since I'm not exactly familiar
with how to create an android or desktop app that gets data via BLE, and how reliable
BLE is exactly, and their choice of using Dart/Flutter.

They also plan on using EVA foam, which is alright but I reckon the electronics should
still be enclosed in plastic or something so that the crushing force from the CPR.

I suppose only the MPUs will be in threat of getting crushed since it'll be in the front of
the torso, so I suppose we can just create a small box for it on the front, layer EVA in the top and bottom
then have the wires run to the other components through the gaps. The main ESP32 and other hardware
can be in the box on the side.

Other services they might need:
- CAD/3D design for the enclosure
- PCB layout
- PCB fabrication
- Schematic design

I could also refer them to kuya Ariel if they ever need anything 3D printed.


Other concerns of mine:
I'm a little worried about their scope of work, how accurate they want it to be, and 
also what exactly their research goals are. I'm going to compile some questions to ask them
when I see them again specifically about their paper. I'm specifically concerned about
how exactly they'll quantify accuracy since that entails having some sort of "ground truth"
CPR program for them to compare against. If they don't have one, visual inspection would also work.
